## Capstone Project:  Workshop Management Web Application

**Sponsor:**  Dr. Suranga Hettiarachchi

**Description:**
The new 2020 Indiana Education Preparation Standards along with the 2018 state STEM Strategic Plan initiative require new programming for the Indiana University Southeast (IUS) campus.  A partnership between the School of Natural Science and the School of Education of IUS will help to fill the need created with the new standards.  This partnership focuses on creating opportunities for current elementary teachers to learn new technologies and practices in programming and robotics and on sharing ideas and teaching strategies through professional development and curriculum alignment to the new standards.  This initiative will be deployed in three stages.  In stage one, a pilot curriculum will be carried out with teacher candidates at the IUS School of Education in Spring 2022.  In stage 2, a total of 24 teachers will be selected from the New Albany-Floyd County Consolidated School Corporation and Greater Clark County Schools to attend two workshops:  one during Fall 2022 and the other during Spring 2023.  In stage 3, the success of the project outcomes will continue as Project Ahead workshops.  These Project Ahead workshops will include trained educators from this project and enrolled K-12 students.  A web application will be built to manage the logistics of these projects.  It will have a frontend and a backend with a database that will allow the management of both personnel and equipment for the projects.